Be a mother and daughter in your next life
Oh, dear.
Hey Yaruo, wait a minute
I'll do it later. Jade pendant, I want that jade pendant.
Wake up
Yaruo don't worry
Give it to dad
Don't call me Yaruo anymore
I will you I will you
Ok ok ok ok
Jade pendant, I want to take that jade pendant off. Jade pendant
Take out the jade pendant
I won't give it to you.
Good Alian
Just help this time, okay?
Just once mom promise
Sissy let you go
Why are you talking?
Mom don't want
I don't want to give it to me.
Good job.
I hurry down to find it
Are you running fast?
Run!
Are you going back?
It's a big deal to scold him
Wait a minute.
Why don't we run away together?
I just found my mom
I can't let him because I'm blocked
How come
It's uncontrollable to think of this vicious woman
liar
Can you drive a car?
I'm sorry, someone in Shandong just touched porcelain.
Almost hit
Come on, let's go around
Corrected last time
Remember